Adds health-check and extended documentation on Akka Cluster Bootstrap (#1738)
lagom/lagom: docs/manual/java/guide/cluster/Cluster.md

### Joining during production

> Starting from version 1.5.0, Lagom offers support for [Akka Cluster Bootstrap](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-management/1.0.0-RC2/bootstrap/). Akka Cluster Bootstrap is enabled by default in production mode and disabled in development and test mode.

Reviewer: I think the first sentence should make it very obvious that starting `1.5.0` cluster bootstrap will try to take over unless seed-nodes exist. It is important to specify that cluster bootstrap will even take precedence over `join-self` specially considering we have users that rely on `join-self`.

I think a small paragraph stating the rules:

 * `if` the user defined `seed-nodes` use them
 * `else if` cluster bootstrap is enabled use bootstrap
      * `else if` `join-self` is enabled join self

Akka Cluster Bootstrap helps forming (or joining to) a cluster by using [Akka Discovery](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.5/discovery/index.html) to discover peer nodes. It is an alternative to configuring static seed-nodes in dynamic deployment environments such as on Kubernetes or AWS.

It builds on the flexibility of Akka Discovery, leveraging a range of discovery mechanisms depending on the environment you want to run your cluster in.

> Akka Cluster Bootstrap, in Lagom, can be disabled though property `lagom.cluster.bootstrap.enabled = false`. Note that this configuration flag has no effect if you declare seed-nodes explicitly in which case Akka Cluster Bootstrap won't be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Akka Cluster Bootstrap, in Lagom, can be disabled through the property `lagom.cluster.bootstrap.enabled = false`. Note that this configuration flag has no effect if you declare seed-nodes explicitly in which case Akka Cluster Bootstrap won't be used.
```

#### Akka Discovery

In order to find the peer nodes and form a cluster, Akka Cluster Bootstrap need to be configured to use one of the existing Akka Discovery implementations.

> The snippet bellow explifies how to configure the Akka Cluster Boostrap to use the Akka Discovery Kubernetes API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The snippet below exemplifies how to configure the Akka Cluster Boostrap to use the Akka Discovery Kubernetes API.
```

[`Bellow is a verb. To bellow is to yell loudly in a deep voice.`](https://writingexplained.org/below-or-bellow-difference)

```
akka.management.cluster.bootstrap {
  # example using kubernetes-api
  contact-point-discovery {
    discovery-method = kubernetes-api
    service-name = "hello-lagom"
  }
}
```

> Other existing implementations are: DNS, AWS, Consul, Marathon API and static Configuration. It's also possible to implement your own Akka Discovery implementation if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Other existing implementations](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-management/current/discovery/index.html) are: DNS, AWS, Consul, Marathon API and static Configuration. It's also possible to implement your own Akka Discovery implementation if needed.
```

> For more detailed and advanced configurations options, please consult the [Akka Cluster Bootstrap](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-management/1.0.0-RC2/bootstrap/) documentation and its [reference.conf](https://github.com/akka/akka-management/blob/v1.0.0-RC2/cluster-bootstrap/src/main/resources/reference.conf) file.

Reviewer: Should we link to `current` and `master` instead?

#### Cluster Http Management

> [Akka Cluster Bootstrap](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-management/1.0.0-RC2/bootstrap/) relies on [Http Cluster Management](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-management/1.0.0-RC2/cluster-http-management.html) to form a cluster.

Reviewer: Same. Link `current` and `master`?

Akka Management Cluster HTTP is a [Akka Management](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-management/1.0.0-RC2/akka-management.html) extension that allows interaction with an akka-cluster through an HTTP interface. This management extension exposes different operations to manage nodes in a cluster (by default only read-only operations are exposed) as well as health checks based on the cluster state.

> Therefore, Akka Management will also be enabled and will run on http port `8558`. You can configured it to another port by setting property `akka.management.http.port` in your `application.conf` file.

Reviewer: TIL: `therefore` is the correct spelling here ([instead of `therefor`](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/therefore-vs-therefor/) ) so nothing to change in this sentence since it is correct. 😅
